README.md, before:

# Hypseus Singe anomaly files +
# Support for Singe 2 games

#### Firstly, ensure you are running at least version 2.6.6 of Hypseus Singe.

### Singe 1 replacement files

**Update:** Version **2.6.6** improved framerate in think_delay() calls. Single frames are now reported twice to LUA. The original SDL1 Singe seemed to have had each frame reported three times in the main loop, so still some differential, but should be improved.

**Update #2: v2.6.6** Most Singe 1 games are now running without >= changes - only alignment changes are in there now. LBH seems to have an issue on menu.

Due to increased framerate, version 2.6.6, should make gameplay in gun games much smoother than previous versions.

Because of more accurate frame reporting in Hypsesus Singe, some of the original Singe games have comparisions that can skip and miss frame number checks, particularly at the end of levels. **get_current_frame** calls within games would receive the same frame number multiple times in the main loop. I am not certain if this was by design or just exploited in games. 

Some issues can arise that result in a constant video pause in game. This is down to unforgiving coding in the game LUA (*.singe*) files where ``==`` has been specified, rather than ``>=`` for frame number comparisions. These issues are infrequent and random. However, some of the original games seem to rely on this fact and also use ``==`` as a comparison operator to check frame numbers. The files in the ``00-singe1`` folder of this repository can be dropped in as replacements over the original Singe files. (Only the ``.singe`` files themselves are needed as a replacement, however all files have been provided for convenience). These changes simply allow detection of stage/level end through corrected comparison operator assignments looking for any frame number higher than, or equal to, the level end frame. No fundamental changes other than comparison operators have been made. These files should therefore work in Hypseus and original Singe.

Feel free to submit pull requests for any fixes for original, or new Singe 2 ported, games.

# Using this repository

This repo does not contain Copyrighted &copy; material, purely fan made graphics, sounds and LUA scripts.

All data in the subdirectories of this repository has been ported according to the processes below.

You do not **need** to alter any of the peripheral data in these subdirectories.

The **only required** step is to obtain the video files for your required game and perform a video conversion as detailed below using *ffmpeg*. This can be performed on any PC including Windows: https://ffmpeg.org/download.html

Once you have the new **.m2v** and **.ogg** video and audio files: 

* Check the duration and frame numbers match ``FRAMEINFO.md`` (*see below*).
* Move them into the relevant subdirectory from this repository.
* Install the subdirectory into your Hypseus Singe ROM folder location.
* Play the game.

### Recoding Singe 2 mp4 video files for Hypseus Singe

Singe 2 files in this repository are mostly based around the first release of Singe 2 games on archive.org \
Check ``FRAMEINFO.md`` for the required video for each game, it may be situated elsewhere.

Newer games, like Altered Carbon, will work from current releases as they were not original release games.  
But again check ``FRAMEINFO.md``.

Frame information from ``mediainfo`` will be provided for the Singe2 video files in a file called ``FRAMEINFO.md`` in each folder:

    mediainfo --Inform='Video;%FrameCount%' <file>
    mediainfo --Inform='Video;%Duration%' <file>

``mediainfo`` can usually be installed via:

    sudo apt-get install mediainfo

This should allow you to know the correct video files required.

### Conversion:

    ffmpeg -i <original>.mp4 -an -qscale:v 4 -b:v 6000k -codec:v mpeg2video <game>.m2v
    ffmpeg -i <original>.mp4 -vn -c:a libvorbis -ar 44100 -map a -b:a 160k <game>.ogg

**e.g.**

    ffmpeg -i FaI.mp4 -an -qscale:v 4 -b:v 6000k -codec:v mpeg2video fireandice.m2v
    ffmpeg -i FaI.mp4 -vn -c:a libvorbis -ar 44100 -map a -b:a 160k fireandice.ogg

If your device is struggling with the HD content, you can resize in this operation:

    ffmpeg -i FaI.mp4 -an -qscale:v 4 -b:v 6000k -vf scale=640:480 -codec:v mpeg2video fireandice.m2v


## Details below are only required for porting new games

### Resize overlay

Find the **OVLW** and **OVLH** definitions. (*Only HD video games will likely contain this*).

Usually in *main.singe*, comment existing and hardcode Singe 320x240 overlay:

    --[[
    OVLW = vldpGetWidth()
    OVLH = vldpGetHeight()
    ]]--

    OVLW = 360
    OVLH = 240

### Resize PNG's

If images (``.pngs``) appear too large when ported, resize them.  

    sudo apt-get install imagemagick pngcrush

Copy original images to subdirectory *'original'*

    mkdir original
    cp *.png original
    cd original

Run **convert_png.sh** script within *'original'* subdirectory.

    ./convert_png.sh
    
Alter *scale* in script for preference - 3 works for most games.    

### Converting .singe files

All references to peripheral files should link to ``singe/<gamename>`` in the singe script.
    
This has already been performed for data in this repo.

However below are scripts to help you do this if porting over.

    #!/bin/bash
  
    export NAME="Puss_in_Boots_english_singe_2"
    export GAME="pussinboots"

    perl -p -i -e 's/'$NAME'//g' *.singe

    perl -p -i -e 's/MYDIR\ \.\. \"\/Script/\"singe\/'$GAME'/g' *.singe
    perl -p -i -e 's/MYDIR\ \.\. \"\/Cfg/\"singe\/'$GAME'/g' *.singe
    perl -p -i -e 's/MYDIR\ \.\. \"\/Fonts/\"singe\/'$GAME'/g' *.singe
    perl -p -i -e 's/MYDIR\ \.\. \"\/Sounds/\"singe\/'$GAME'/g' *.singe
    perl -p -i -e 's/MYDIR\ \.\. \"\/Overlay/\"singe\/'$GAME'/g' *.singe


### These Singe 2 games have known issues:

* ``maddog`` - **Singe 1 version works as expected**
* Due to the **16-bit** limitation of *VLDP* a maximum of **65535** video frames are supported: \
  ``ERROR : current mpeg has too many frames, VLDP will ignore any frames above 65535``

Games using video files collectively over this frame limit will have unpredictable results (**Singe 2 only**)

Commit message:

think_delay() issues appears resolved....

README.md, after:

# Hypseus Singe anomaly files +
# Support for Singe 2 games

#### Firstly, ensure you are running at least version 2.6.6 of Hypseus Singe.

Feel free to submit pull requests for any fixes for original, or new Singe 2 ported, games.

### Singe 1 replacement files

``think_delay()`` issues have been resolved in version 2.6.6, so replacement files are no longer needed for this issue.

Singe 1 files within the ``00-singe1`` folder now only contain minor alignment changes. These are optional.

Last Bounty Hunter (lbh) has pre-existing issues on __Handsome Harry__ completion in menu. Pull requests accepted ``:)``

# Using this repository

This repo does not contain Copyrighted &copy; material, purely fan made graphics, sounds and LUA scripts.

All data in the subdirectories of this repository has been ported according to the processes below.

You do not **need** to alter any of the peripheral data in these subdirectories.

The **only required** step is to obtain the video files for your required game and perform a video conversion as detailed below using *ffmpeg*. This can be performed on any PC including Windows: https://ffmpeg.org/download.html

Once you have the new **.m2v** and **.ogg** video and audio files: 

* Check the duration and frame numbers match ``FRAMEINFO.md`` (*see below*).
* Move them into the relevant subdirectory from this repository.
* Install the subdirectory into your Hypseus Singe ROM folder location.
* Play the game.

### Recoding Singe 2 mp4 video files for Hypseus Singe

Singe 2 files in this repository are mostly based around the first release of Singe 2 games on archive.org \
Check ``FRAMEINFO.md`` for the required video for each game, it may be situated elsewhere.

Newer games, like Altered Carbon, will work from current releases as they were not original release games.  
But again check ``FRAMEINFO.md``.

Frame information from ``mediainfo`` will be provided for the Singe2 video files in a file called ``FRAMEINFO.md`` in each folder:

    mediainfo --Inform='Video;%FrameCount%' <file>
    mediainfo --Inform='Video;%Duration%' <file>

``mediainfo`` can usually be installed via:

    sudo apt-get install mediainfo

This should allow you to know the correct video files required.

### Conversion:

    ffmpeg -i <original>.mp4 -an -qscale:v 4 -b:v 6000k -codec:v mpeg2video <game>.m2v
    ffmpeg -i <original>.mp4 -vn -c:a libvorbis -ar 44100 -map a -b:a 160k <game>.ogg

**e.g.**

    ffmpeg -i FaI.mp4 -an -qscale:v 4 -b:v 6000k -codec:v mpeg2video fireandice.m2v
    ffmpeg -i FaI.mp4 -vn -c:a libvorbis -ar 44100 -map a -b:a 160k fireandice.ogg

If your device is struggling with the HD content, you can resize in this operation:

    ffmpeg -i FaI.mp4 -an -qscale:v 4 -b:v 6000k -vf scale=640:480 -codec:v mpeg2video fireandice.m2v


## Details below are only required for porting new games

### Resize overlay

Find the **OVLW** and **OVLH** definitions. (*Only HD video games will likely contain this*).

Usually in *main.singe*, comment existing and hardcode Singe 320x240 overlay:

    --[[
    OVLW = vldpGetWidth()
    OVLH = vldpGetHeight()
    ]]--

    OVLW = 360
    OVLH = 240

### Resize PNG's

If images (``.pngs``) appear too large when ported, resize them.  

    sudo apt-get install imagemagick pngcrush

Copy original images to subdirectory *'original'*

    mkdir original
    cp *.png original
    cd original

Run **convert_png.sh** script within *'original'* subdirectory.

    ./convert_png.sh
    
Alter *scale* in script for preference - 3 works for most games.    

### Converting .singe files

All references to peripheral files should link to ``singe/<gamename>`` in the singe script.
    
This has already been performed for data in this repo.

However below are scripts to help you do this if porting over.

    #!/bin/bash
  
    export NAME="Puss_in_Boots_english_singe_2"
    export GAME="pussinboots"

    perl -p -i -e 's/'$NAME'//g' *.singe

    perl -p -i -e 's/MYDIR\ \.\. \"\/Script/\"singe\/'$GAME'/g' *.singe
    perl -p -i -e 's/MYDIR\ \.\. \"\/Cfg/\"singe\/'$GAME'/g' *.singe
    perl -p -i -e 's/MYDIR\ \.\. \"\/Fonts/\"singe\/'$GAME'/g' *.singe
    perl -p -i -e 's/MYDIR\ \.\. \"\/Sounds/\"singe\/'$GAME'/g' *.singe
    perl -p -i -e 's/MYDIR\ \.\. \"\/Overlay/\"singe\/'$GAME'/g' *.singe


### These Singe 2 games have known issues:

* ``maddog`` - **Singe 1 version works as expected**
* Due to the **16-bit** limitation of *VLDP* a maximum of **65535** video frames are supported: \
  ``ERROR : current mpeg has too many frames, VLDP will ignore any frames above 65535``

Games using video files collectively over this frame limit will have unpredictable results (**Singe 2 only**)
